Create str.md (#489)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/str/str.md

---
Title: 'str()'
Description: 'Takes in a value that can be converted into a string, and returns a copy of the value in the string datatype.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

> Takes in a value that can be converted into a string, and returns a copy of the value in the `string` datatype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Takes in a value that can be converted into a string, and returns a copy of the value in the `string` datatype. If nothing is passed into `str()`, then an empty string is returned.
```

## Syntax

```py

> str()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
str(object)
```

```

## Example 1

> Use `str()` to change the datatype of a `float` value `314.0` into a string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `str()` function can change the datatype of a `float` value, `314.0`, into a string:
```

For entries, let's use a voice that is more manual-like ("This is ...") as opposed to instruction/tutorial-like ("Do this ...").

> ```codebyte/python

Reviewer: Let's only have one (1) codebyte snippet per entry (preferably towards the bottom).

> The `str()` function can change the datatype of a `float` value, `314.0`, into a string:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `str()` function changes the datatype of a `float` value, `314.0`, into a string:
```

print(str(314.0))
```

## Example 2

> Use `str()` to change the datatype of an `int` value `314` into a string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`str()` can also wrap around other type conversions, like in the example below:
```

```codebyte/python

> print(int(314))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print(int(3.14))
```

> The `str()` function can also wrap around other type conversions. How could that be done in the example below?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `str()` function can also wrap around other type conversions.
```

Not sure if these examples are supposed to play out like problems for users to solve, or just demonstrations as we would expect from the documentation. I prefer the latter.

> print(int(3.14))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
print(str(int(3.14)))
```
